---
title: "Weekly Digest #1 (working title)"
subtitle: 'test'
date: '2022-02-14'
draft: true

summary: "TO-DO"

tags: ["Weekly Digest"]
---

Last year, I decided to ditch Reddit and algorithmic feeds for [RSS](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Really_Simple_Syndication) and my own curation of blogs, newsletters, and other sources of thought-provoking reading material. Since I made the switch, I feel like I learn a lot every week.

Starting this week, I want to experiment with posting a weekly digest of the most interesting articles I found that week with a small explanation about how they inspired me.

## Bert Hubert: [Some business advice for academic startups/spinouts](https://berthub.eu/articles/posts/some-academic-business-advice/)

(16 minute read)

Lately, I have been daydreaming about entrepreneurship and starting my software startup during the next five years. While it is fun to think of interesting technical challenges to solve and theorize about product-market fit, I still don’t know anything about running a business.

This recent post by Bert Hubert gives an excellent primer on what business know-how it takes to run a startup. Whether you are caught by the entrepreneurial jitterbug yourself or simply want to learn how a multi-department business runs, give this one a read.

As an aside, if you want to dive deeper into bootstrap startup culture and (solo) entrepreneurship, check out the [Indie Hackers](https://www.indiehackers.com/) forum. My passion for startups was amplified greatly reading the inspiring stories and knowledge shared in that place! 

## [Acute aerobic exercise to recover from mental exhaustion (Oberste et al. 2021)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.physbeh.2021.113588)

 Ever felt like your head will explode if you write one more line of code? This recently published medical study suggests a short burst of physical activity can be all it takes to make you feel refreshed and ready to tackle your next task.

For the effect to work, the physical activity must be moderately intense, so find something you can do that really gets your heart pumping. This can be a short sprint around the yard, a brief routine of pushups and squats, or [a lightning visit to the gym](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30360791).

Note that this study is specifically about *short-term mental fatigue*. A consistent sleep schedule and a healthy work ethic are still the best way to stave off long-term fatigue.